MERCEDES CASTILLO

The Camuto group wanted to showcase Mercedes
Castillo, Camuto had been her mentor. This was a
passion project for the group.
We focused on innovation to differentiate the experience
on the site from the crowded hi-end designer market.

Horizontal cart
A horizontal cart is unexpected and creates a sense of playfulness. Large images in the
cart create a luxurious feeling even in a mundane process.

Film like animations makes the visuals of browsing even more appealing.

Sale Stopwatch
The stopwatch was created for the site to give
some urgency to purchasing the items during
infrequent sales.
Sales would only happen biannually. This
stopwatch could countdown to sale time or
countdown until the sale ends.

Organic Search Content
Content layout for the brand pages would be
curated by Mercedes. The strategy was to drive
organic search and create content that goes
along with the customer's other interests like
travel, art, and design. This content was shopable
and presented visually by color scheme and
style.

Store finder
The store finder was more heavy hitting than most. Mercedes Castillo's various product lines could be found in some stores and
not others. This was also very important as they decided to move to a purely wholesale model in the end.

One Page Checkout
Checkout was designed to offer all of the information customers needed on one page to curb abandonment.
This checkout was fast and easy.

PENINSULA HOTELS
Creating a Legend of Luxury
I was in charge of the strategy, booking flow design from
creating a widget on the homepage to follow through after
checkout. I created user personas with the Hong Kong
management and marketing teams. I redesigned the
Peninsula.com sitemap.

Design challenges
10 different locations with unique offerings
Multiple languages
Multiple currencies
Use cases- Booking agents, current clients with accounts and
new customers

Booking widget
Peninsula booking was very complex. I solved this by making
a widget that allowed users to book multiple rooms at the
same time. The widget went through many iterations.
Customers could choose adjacent or stand alone rooms and
filter by accessible options. Booking agents could enter
booking codes right in the widget and get correct pricing.

Multiple ways to book
Some people like to book by dates and others who are taking a leisure
trip often like to chose their room first and then secure dates. The
Room detail page offered several approaches. Users may checkout by
choosing dates, specific suites or even by offers.

Widget as persistent cart
The widget follows the customer all the way through checkout. This streamlined programming
of the booking process and at the same time helps users stay on task.
Bed sizes were able to be chosen on the same room as well as offers.

Design challenges
The room comparison feature highlighted differences in rooms
and showed all details in an organized way that could be
scanned quickly. This page could be saved as a PDF or
emaiedl directly to someone.

Peninsula is truly an
international website. I worked
with the design team to
incorporate multiple languages
as well as currencies.

Perfection in the details
Peninsula wants customers to see them as a luxury
destination not just an accommodation.
A section in checkout called Perfection is in the
Details was created to add value to the experience
and increase cart value. Customers could add on
luxury items like chocolates, champagne in the
room, fragrances, personalize newspapers and
schedule airport transfers in luxury vehicles.

Peninsula has a lot of repeat customers that have
accounts with the company. It was important to
remember these "members" preferences and offer
them unique service.

Confirmation Details
Users were given another chance to customize their stay after making a
reservation. They were also given the weather for their destination.
Ethos Footer
The footer represented the four pillars of the Peninsula Experience instead
of being just a utility.

Follow Through
The user experience does not end after checkout.
We offered ideas and experiences upon
cancellation We were able to showcase the other
locations here which impressed how grand the
hotels are all over Asia and the US.

Enhance the Experience after checkout
Peninsula has world class restaurants and spas as
well as tours. These experiences were shown on
the confirmation page and could be added and
booked online.

BALLY OF SWITZERLAND
Bally went through a rebranding to express the luxury of the Alps, heritage of the brand and craftsman of the
shoes.
Scribe Novo handmade shoes.
Bally had updated the Scribe brand to Scribe Novo and it was our job to raise the Bally brand awareness with a
younger generation. Bally items are an investment that last a lifetime.

The layout for the women was different
than the men’s collection.This helped
differentiate them visually. Scribe was
interwoven throughout the men’s pages
to raise awareness of the made to order
option.
Visual Footer
A nontraditional footer was created for
Bally. It gave us the opportunity to
showcase special content or collections
without putting promos in the listings.

Bally's history is interesting and
the timeline showed Bally’s influence on
men's luxury through the decades.

GODIVA
Godiva sees itself a s a luxury brand but felt they had lost
some of their reputation. I was in charge of strategy, design
and user experience. I worked with all of their departments to
help create an online experience that would help relieve
work in other departments and expedite fulfillment.
Bringing back the luxury
I created new content sections to elevate the brand. A
Glossary of Chocolate, chocolate chefs feature and recipes
section were added to help customers get to know the real
Godiva. These sections showed the European roots of the
company and the creative process of the chefs. These
sections increased customers arriving by organic search
significantly.

What’s in the box?
Before I redesigned the Godiva website, customers
could not see what was inside the box of chocolates. I
created a What’s Inside feature on the product details
pages where users can see the chocolates in detail with
a cross section view of each piece. This created a more
visceral shopping experience.
Filtering was added for allergies or favorite types of
chocolate which helped customers find the perfect gift.

Content is king
The Chocolate Glossary was added to educate the
customers on the different kinds of chocolates and link
from the PDP where the pieces are shown in the What’s
inside area.
The customers could also find information items that
were boutique only in order to drive customers into the
stores.

Corporate gifting PDP
Godiva has large corporate gifting customers. I created a
unique experience for these clients.

The whole experience
I met with customer service and fulfillment
teams to solve issues that would make their
job more efficient without sacrificing the
user experience.
We figured out a new way to do
personalized ribbons and solved
customer service issues like delivery times
with the new checkout design. I had wanted
more integration with the retail stores but
this was to be implemented in later phases.

ALEX +ANI
I did competitive research, a site evaluation, new site map,
redesign of the entire web and mobile site and strategy.
I created a gift guide and the ability to shop by charity and
meaning. I created a mini site for the Charity by Design
giving aspect of the company.
This mobile homepage shows all of the optional modules we
created for them to use in order to create an updated site
throughout the year.

Emphasize philanthropy- Charity by Design
When I started working with Alex + Ani, Charity by Design where they create designs that give 20% to that particular charity, was not
prominent on the site. It had raised 30million at the time I started working with them. When the company changed management in
2018, Charity by Design had raised 500 million.
I made Charity by Design its own distinct sub-brand, with its own voice, tag line, logo, look and
feel, blog, etc. It was an option in the main site navigation and items on PLPs and PDPs had a CBD badge. Charity by Design page
was given a dynamic editorial-style blog with real stories, and not just a summary about philanthropy. During checkout, we used this
space to show the charities to people who have not noticed them and let them choose who they would like to donate to or add
additional support.

Shopping by symbols and meaning
My job was to show Carolyn’s vision of the Alex and Ani
brand. “They are unique statements that speak volumes
about those who wear them. They are symbols marking
individual paths of life.”
I focused on shopping by meaning and symbols while
giving more information on the history of the meaning or
symbol.
Videos were added to increase SEO and movement on
the site. Videos were added to the product images, care
and cleaning as well as how to wear promo/tutorials.
The mobile image here shows a Shop the look page I
designed to allow users to shop one item or all on the
same page.

THANK YOU
amy@sparklelabs.com
(646) 382-6522

